ci(repo): Version packages (#4814)
clerk/javascript: packages/clerk-js/CHANGELOG.md

# Change Log

## 5.43.4

### Patch Changes

> - fix(clerk-js): Rethrow errors if not requires_captcha during init ([#4812](https://github.com/clerk/javascript/pull/4812)) by [@nikosdouvlis](https://github.com/nikosdouvlis)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Rethrow errors when the error code differs from `requires_captcha` during initialization. ([#4812](https://github.com/clerk/javascript/pull/4812)) by [@nikosdouvlis](https://github.com/nikosdouvlis)
```
